OK, it's working OK.
Isaac, start with you.
What have you done yesterday?
What are you planning on going to do today?
And did you run into any problems and what you did yesterday?
Can you show us on the screen?
Yes.
Let's see.
Yesterday I fixed a bar chart that I also added the an Easter egg for it and I mostly worked on the peer review because I hadn't done that in like 3 weeks.
Yeah. OK.
So I had to do that.
I can't show you the peer review, but I can show you the parture.
I don't.
I don't wanna see the pair of you, but it's just a bar chart and Easter egg and stuff.
Yeah.
We need.
I mean otherwise blown will hit me if I show you the peer review.
But like OK, I updated it I.
Yeah, that I saw and I did change a little bit of code.
So when you click on the scripture, I don't know if I if I uploaded it yet.
Yeah.
So if you click on the scription.
Oh yes.
Yeah.
OK, OK.
Now you have to click on the scription twice, so I changed that for you, but I didn't upload it yet, so so that's what I changed about it.
OK, that's good.
But yeah, if you click on the neighborhood, our school is located in, then it will give you the balloons, but only for that neighborhood.
OK, that's cool.
So if you just go to baleful or something, it doesn't do that like it's a fun little detail.
But yeah, and yeah, the peer reviewer.
I had action points.
I had the summary so it took me quite a while.
No, looks good, but if you are, can you click on the scription again?
Yeah.
And that one again.
So now when you deselect unemployment, for example on the left hand side.
Uh, yes.
Click mate.
OK, it's still shows when you click on the scription.
Uh, right?
Yeah, I should change that.
It still shows the three factors, so maybe it's, uh, uh could be nice to change.
Yeah.
OK, I will do that.
That only shows the one selected so that, but other than that it looks fine.
The update is code is on GitHub.
What updated code?
For the description, because you.
Uh, yeah.
Let's see.
Where is it?
Where is it barchart?
Merchant was.
Because then I will. Yeah.
Yeah, they changed it.
So let's save it again and I'll upload it.
Uh updates to streamlets uh.
OK, uploading it now.
Yeah, it's just uploaded it.
So let's start.
Yeah, I see it.
OK then I will fix that and we should and the evidence thing today, right?
Come again?
Yeah, if.
We we're gonna do the evidence thing too, right?
I just shouldn't be.
Yeah.
Uh, good thing to do like other channel will want for sure to to see it, I guess.
Yeah, it will give us some.
The stream with needs to be done by today.
That's what I know for sure.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, basically, yeah.
But most of it we've done already, we just need to combine it into one uh Python file, but it's quite easy to do.
Umm.
Yeah, like I have to do the unit testing of streaming as well.
But to start doing it, I like need to have streamlined finished like so that there are no no more changes.
Just like if we change something then all the unit tests like go ********.
OK.
True.
Like I've got the.
I mean, it's just sorry.
OK.
So with that.
UM, OK.
Did you run into any problems yesterday?
What are you gonna do today?
OK, no problems and today I will fix what you just asked me to do and I thought it would be smart to evidence together.
But I'm not sure when we will do it or if we will just finish Streamlet first.
Uh, and now?
Until what time can you work on school?
Uh, until whenever?
All day.
Same here.
Same.
I was thinking about uh working until like 8 or 9.
Yeah, I mean, I can call in the evening.
It's for evidencing, I don't mind.
Yeah, that's cool.
It's called, yeah.
But like.
I mean, especially for like free until seven, like ilos free until seven.
We need to do it together, I think.
Through you.
Yeah, like it's there's no point in, like, it's nonsense for each of us to do it separately because it's, you're like evidencing that project, not the.
Yeah.
That's the same thing.
Yeah, we need to do it together.
Yeah, basically.
OK.
So that's that.
And yeah, I'll be at school around maybe 2:30 to 2:30.
OK.
Then I'll keep on working as well.
Uh, I don't.
Yeah.
So that's that on to Michael.
Are you on your phone or are you on your laptop?
And So what I've done yesterday, Allison told me to this phone.
OK, never mind then.
Both, I mean like.
OK.
Yeah, I can share the screen.
Yeah, please.
OK.
And she said no.
Ohh uh, what have you done yesterday?
I'll Shan told me to rebuild the model.
So that's for the like inputs for the prediction.
Mm-hmm.
We don't use the year at all, but yeah, like to limit our predictions only for next year.
So that to eliminate the your input.
Yeah. OK.
So most rebuilding the the model and and then like the adjusting the streaming page.
So it looks like this and it's doesn't give the, uh, some years values should.
Although the bubble is the only one that doesn't.
And this.
Above all, is just really, really weird bloki as well, yeah.
Or they are super side?
No.
I don't know. Hey.
OK, make sure when when presenting to not select blah OK or bavel.
Yeah, like this.
Yeah, just pick one that works.
Just any other.
OK.
Yeah, those were.
OK, so so this and I just one thing and I started doing the unit testing for the model.
Mm-hmm.
So I think that should be OK for the model, but yeah, we also need to.
Umm.
I mean, we also need them for stream late, so that will be for each each page.
Just like we knew a new file, so it will be a bit of work.
Yep.
So I guess I will try to finish this.
Uh till the end of the weekend because if we finish today this terminate then I will start tomorrow.
Yep.
We're tremely and yeah, that's what.
So what's easier for you to 1st finish Streamlight or to just do the learning log and finish three minute later today?
Honestly, it doesn't matter like I can do either.
First.
That's up to you.
Uh, I can do the learning clock at least like my part.
For example, for the arrows.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah, maybe this way.
And then we'll you will come here.
Yeah.
Right Max as you need to, we, we can talk about streaming together.
OK, that's cool.
Maybe make some calls or so with pizza.
Oh.
Ohh and my work.
That's cool. OK.
That's just this year.
Yeah. OK.
OK.
OK, any problems yesterday?
The unit testing first.
I didn't understand how to do it then.
Didn't know what to test.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, that's something.
But it took that, but now it's better, yeah.
Looks good so far, but I are you getting errors or is everything passing?
It's not.
It now it's possible.
OK, cool.
So that's promising.
That's cool.
OK, nice.
But that's.
OK, let me let me show you what I've done yesterday.
Ohm.
Let's see.
Uh, I will share my screen again.
OK.
OK, so I worked on uh improving this uh bar chart, but at first it looked better.
But then Allison told me to put the years I think on the X axis.
Mm-hmm.
And UM, the registered news, I think on the Y axis, but UM, I'm using some bar chart from Streamlet and I don't quite know how it works, and I also don't quite know how to like change it.
So I need to look into that a little further.
So it was kind of looking like this.
Umm.
With any told me to change it a little bit, but so I'm working on that still, uh.
Did in VSO codes, I changed all the relative paths so at one can open it now on their computer.
Yeah, I I saw that and it's worked for me so.
Yep, that's what they did for every single one.
I, uh uh.
Kept improving some code that didn't work properly.
Uh, yeah, that's what I did, I think.
And I still have to look into what chart to put on the homepage because now it looks like this.
There's just and then at the tutorial or something like that.
But yeah, but you guys wanted a bar chart on the home page, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah, just.
So I need to look into what the put there and the map facials.
I mean, that's just some some visual like.
Come again?
Yeah, like some not, not necessarily.
OK.
Like some barter, but generally like some visual to attract, like the attention.
OK, I'll try to put it there and the map charts now load a lot faster.
On this.
So at first it's uh, it needs to run.
Uh, it it it.
It needs to load in every single every single map.
So at first it runs quite slow.
Umm.
Nothing.
When you go back to 2018, for example, when it ran first, it runs in like 2 seconds.
Ohh that's.
That's nice.
Like it will be so much better for the presentation.
No.
True.
What's the problem?
So that's what I worked on.
What about the correlation matrix?
Do we have it?
Uh, it's tremely somewhere.
This is still to be done.
The correlate it's not in streamlets that I'm now of.
Yeah, like so, we still have to implement it, right?
So I think that's.
Yet this the the yeah, that one also has to has to go and just stream it.
But ISA was working on that.
OK.
Hmm.
Yeah, it's it's uploaded to GitHub, but I didn't yeah combine it with any other page.
No, just I'm saying to not forget about it because I think it's like a valuable thing.
For the our research questions.
OK, so that still has to be done.
OK, that's if you, yeah, if you get.
We also need to figure out, but do we want more uh charts over here?
Because I only now have a crime line chart, which works fine, I also did it yesterday.
I didn't.
OK.
I didn't show you.
Let me let me show you.
I didn't.
I forgot.
So the line chart works fine now.
Cool. Nice.
And does that for every single one.
Help.
OK.
This one it's quite slow, so now it has three different charts, but when I put another neighborhood in there did I think has more Essex so it shows it for everyone individually.
Good.
And you can put in as many lines as you want, so that's what I did as well and yeah, but I'm gonna work on uh learning log.
Uh finishing extreme.
Lets making everything look nice and yeah, that's it.
OK.
And I saw marly's in the uh chat as well.
Yeah.
So, Marwa, what did you do yesterday?
Sorry guys, my friend got delayed.
Yes, I work on creamless, so I added a checklist to get help.
I guess we just have to like add that to the homepage and I work on my work and learning mode and they already evidence like I know three.
I just need to have.
I just need other kinds of tickets and then I can send it to you guys and we're basically the same thing.
OK, cool.
Sounds good.
Uh umm, OK, that's.
I love three is extra.
What is hello?
Ethics.
Three, it didn't hurt.
They don't have to.
OK.
Ohh that's good to hear.
What do you say?
Long live ethics.
OK.
Shall we start or shall we sum up the meeting and start on the learning log?
Yeah.
OK.
I guess, but so wait.
What?
What are you going to do?
Like feel all the learning clock, including the section C or only section C like what do you want to do about it?
Just to feel it.
What I wanted to do now is just to fill in the learning log together.
So that I lose.
I mean, we could do with Michael says like everyone does, like one ILO and some share it.
Yeah, it's.
You know, it isn't it easier like to fill it in together so we don't have to, like, send it to each other?
Like we're all in a group chat now.
I what do you mean?
I mean.
I come again. Sorry.
Like what one shares the screen and we both try to or all of us try to fill it in altogether.
No, I think at least in my opinion, it would be faster if we if we if we one focus on something else like I could.
Yeah.
So the I love 7 for example, I would take some screenshots and yeah you would do some other lol and look for like the proofs and then we could like meet together to read all of them.
And yeah, if we for example I did Hilo 7 and we read it all together in you come up with some idea that we we should put some something more than we can together like this but.
I agree.
Oh yeah, that's better.
That's better.
Yeah.
OK, so who's gonna do what I'll owe?
That's a good question.
I can do seven, so that is.
I mean, the first two are individual, right?
That.
Come again?
First, I know, I know. It's.
Yeah, that's individual.
So if I'm I know 3 to 7 now really the three and yeah.
Wait, let me check that.
Things change.
But for now, I'm gonna hit uh.
I'm gonna stop the recording. Whoop.